#  Cont2SAS code of conduct

Copyright (C) 2025  Helmholtz-Zentrum-Hereon

Authors: Arnab Majumdar and Sebastian Busch

## Our pledge

In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as
contributors and maintainers pledge to make participation in our project and
our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body
size, disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity and expression,
level of experience, education, socioeconomic status, nationality, personal
appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation.

## Our standards

Examples of behaviour that contributes to a positive environment for our
community include:

- Demonstrating empathy and kindness toward other people.
- Being respectful of differing opinions, viewpoints, and experiences.
- Giving and gracefully accepting constructive feedback.
- Accepting responsibility and apologising to those affected by our mistakes,
  and learning from the experience.
- Focusing on what is best not just for us as individuals, but for the
  overall community.

Examples of unacceptable behaviour include:

- The use of sexualised language or imagery, and sexual attention or advances.
- Trolling, insulting or derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks.
- Public or private harassment.
- Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or email
  address, without their explicit permission.
- Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a
  professional setting.

## Scope

This Code of Conduct applies within all community spaces, and also applies when
an individual is officially representing the community in public spaces.
Examples of representing our community include using an official e-mail address,
posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed
representative at an online or offline event.

## Attribution

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the 
[Contributor Covenant](https://contributor-covenant.org/), 
version
[1.4](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/code-of-conduct/code_of_conduct.md),
and was generated by 
[contributing.md](https://contributing.md/generator). 
The authors performed necessary edits and take full responsibility for the the content.